README.md, before:

# Awesome Books-Project

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>Awesome Books-Project</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
- [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Preview](#preview)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔮 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Awesome Books-Project Setup <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is about storing books details, like title and author names.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>JS</li>
    <li>.md</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Stores Books title and authors details.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

A Browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

[`dhirajsingha143/Awesome-Books`](https://github.com/dhirajsingha143/Awesome-books.git)

### Install

Install this project with:
A commandline interface e.g Gitbash

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
**Click on the live server button on your IDE**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- PREVIEW -->

### Preview

<!-- <img src="" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" /> -->
<br/>

- [Visit here](https://deploy-preview-1--iridescent-kleicha-f17af8.netlify.app/) for demo verson.

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Dhiraj Singha**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/dhirajsingha143)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/DhirajS89134)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhiraj-singha-b6871717a/)

-Collaborator

👤 **Shaaibu Suleiman**
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/shaaibu7)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SuleimanShaaibu?t=EAqVJrP59poEb2W46kK9vg&s=09)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaaibu-suleiman-119271206)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

### 🔮 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- More better UI.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

🙏 Acknowledgments

I appreciate Microverse for providing the learning resources for this exercise, and my coding partners **Shaaibu Suleiman** for helping me out when I ran into problems.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](/MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update Readme file with future features

README.md, after:

# Awesome Books-Project

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>Awesome Books-Project</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
- [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Preview](#preview)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔮 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Awesome Books-Project Setup <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is about storing books details, like title and author names.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>JS</li>
    <li>.md</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Stores Books title and authors details.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

A Browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

[`dhirajsingha143/Awesome-Books`](https://github.com/dhirajsingha143/Awesome-books.git)

### Install

Install this project with:
A commandline interface e.g Gitbash

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
**Click on the live server button on your IDE**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- PREVIEW -->

### Preview

<!-- <img src="" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" /> -->
<br/>

- [Visit here](https://deploy-preview-1--iridescent-kleicha-f17af8.netlify.app/) for demo verson.

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Dhiraj Singha**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/dhirajsingha143)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/DhirajS89134)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhiraj-singha-b6871717a/)

-Collaborator

👤 **Shaaibu Suleiman**
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/shaaibu7)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SuleimanShaaibu?t=EAqVJrP59poEb2W46kK9vg&s=09)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaaibu-suleiman-119271206)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

### 🔮 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- More better UI.
- Improve features for updating books.
- improve logic for adding and removing books

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

🙏 Acknowledgments

I appreciate Microverse for providing the learning resources for this exercise, and my coding partners **Shaaibu Suleiman** for helping me out when I ran into problems.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](/MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
